That was pretty impressive.
Senpai, say, "Ahh."
Eh, I'll pass.
Come on. Just do it.
Give me a second.
Okay, say, "Ahh."
DON'T TOY WITH ME,
MISS NAGATORO
You're Inviting Me, Senpai?!
I'm just not feeling it lately.
C-Club President?!
Th-This is...
I knew it.
You've been slacking off lately.
I'm sorry.
I'm not angry.
We've just finished the huge event
that is the cultural festival.
You must be feeling burnt out.
Right.
Do you remember what I said was the
most important aspect of making art?
Um...
Love.
Uh-huh...
I'll give you this.
Sakurayama Zoo
Special Entry Ticket
A ticket for the zoo?
Do life drawings as you take
in your natural surroundings.
That might be a good idea.
When I'm exhausted from drawing
college entrance pieces,
I free myself in Mother Nature
and refresh both mind and body.
The outdoors are great.
I probably shouldn't make any comments.
Th-Thank you.
I'll check out the zoo.
Huh? But there are two here.
Why don't you invite the cat-eared girl?
She's here all the time
despite not being part of the club.
You may as well make her draw a little.
Creepy, creepy, creepy-py.
Got it? Invite the cat-eared girl.
Make her come with you!
Yes, ma'am!
Sakurayama Zoo
Recommendations
Date Ideas
Feed the Animals with Your Boyfriend
Take Photos Together
'Sup, Senpai?!
'S-Sup?
I've got time to kill,
so I'm gonna hang out here.
O-Okay.
Whatcha been up to, Senpai?
Nothing, really.
No, no, no, no!
Me? Invite a girl?
Invite Nagatoro?!
I can't do that!
If there's somewhere you
want to go with someone,
you could always try asking them.
Do you...
like animals?
Yeah!
I love animals!
I-I see.
Why? Why? Why?
What? What's up?
What about animals?
N-Nah...
Animals aside...
Aside...?
Do you like drawing at all?
Drawing?
Not really.
Oh.
Wait, wait!
I'm doing fine arts for my elective,
though, so I do draw for class.
I shall teach you.
Wanna go to the zoo to do some sketching?
That's so condescending.
And imposing!
Oh, actually, though,
I'm not that good at drawing.
You should teach me sometime, Senpai.
So I'm going to the z-zoo.
That came out of nowhere.
Sorry.
Sorry!
Please continue.
I have two tickets.
The president gave me these.
Uh-huh?
And?
I-If you have time,
w-wanna go together this Sunday?
You're inviting me, Senpai?
You're so creepy!
The zoo?!
That's so hilarious!
Creepy! Creepy!
Y-You don't have to if you don't want to.
Sure.
Let's go, Senpai.
O-Okay.
ENTRANCE
Senpai!
I'm here.
I haven't been to the zoo
since elementary school.
Soft Serve
Me, neither.
I'm kinda excited.
Oh, yeah.
I need to give you this first.
Here.
A sketchbook.
What's this for?
What do you mean, what's it for?
Why else would I have made you come?
C*m
Come
Come on, let's go.
Now that we're here, we gotta draw lots.
Muhhh...
Ow!
What was that for?!
DON'T TOY WITH ME,
MISS NAGATORO
It's standing!
Senpai!
Kojiro-kun the red panda stood up!
Holy crap!
It's standing upright!
Sorry.
I never told you we would be life drawing.
It's fine.
I know you can be like that.
I guess most people wouldn't really
get that excited about life drawing.
Sorry.
We can just walk around instead if you want.
Eh, it's okay.
I wouldn't mind putting
up with you for a day.
It's a rare opportunity, after all.
Let's draw!
Oh.
Good.
But now that I am...
You'd better teach me step by step,
hand in hand, Senpai.
R-Right.
Senpai...
Kojiro-kun won't stay still. I can't draw him.
It's just a sketch.
You don't have to make it too accurate.
Just make a vague outline of the shapes.
Make observations and draw in
the bare minimum of details.
It's Kojiro-kun!
G-Give it a try, like that.
Hand in hand.
You promised you'd teach me
each step hand in hand.
Huh? Yeah.
Well, take my hand and
teach me how it's done.
L-Like this?
Yup!
Come on, come on!
W-Wait!
I didn't mean that!
What's wrong?
Were you lying?
Was that a big, fat lie?
It wasn't!
Meh.
I didn't expect a virgin sea louse like you...
to take a girl's hand to teach her anything.
I-I can do that much!
Okay.
Please and thank you, Senpai.
I-It's not a big deal.
I'm just taking her hand.
S-Something like this.
Oh?
M-Make broad outlines.
Uh-huh.
S-Sketch it out.
Senpai, your voice is cracking.
Th-Th-That's not really...
That aside...
That aside...?
C-Compare the figure to your
drawing and add details.
Senpai, you're so floppy all of a sudden.
Wh-What do you expect?!
I'm drawing using someone else's hand!
I know you are.
Huh?
That's it?
I-I've done the broad strokes.
Do the rest yourself.
Thankies, Senpai!
Now that we compare...
I'm pretty bad at this.
No, that's not true.
You're getting better and better.
Really? Am I?
Y-Yeah.
But yours are kinda...
Lively? I think?
A-Are they?
So!
What exactly is the trick?
The trick?
Do you remember what I said was the
most important aspect of making art?
Um...
Love.
So, like, an interest in what
you're drawing, or something.
Having positive emotions is important.
I think.
I'm going to the washroom.
O-Okay.
Man, zoos are so... y'know?
Stinky?
Exactly.
The animal stench, right?
Also, shit.
Gross, right?
Holy crap, seriously.
H-Hey!
You're Hayacchi's senpai, aren't you?
Huh? Er, yeah.
Remember me?
It's me.
We met at the park.
I feel like we met somewhere,
but I don't remember.
I'm not good at remembering people's faces.
Who's he?
Do you know him?
No.
Someone who knows someone I know.
Get lost already!
What's this?
Are you drawing?
Really?
Drawing at the zoo?
Club work, maybe?
This calls for an emptying of the mind
and patience until the storm passes.
Wait, this is pretty good, isn't it?
Huh?
Although this one's pretty bad.
Really?
Really.
Holy crap, that's hilarious.
Right?
That's way too crappy.
Must be a grade school kid's homework.
D-Don't laugh at art that
s-someone worked hard on!
Yo, what'd you say just now?
Tell me.
Tell me what you just said.
I'm back, Senpai.
'Sup?
Oh, you're here.
I drew that, you know.
Really?
Oh, you did?
Wow.
I mean, this isn't all that bad, right?
Right?
It's kinda got mascot-y vibes, right?
Nah, that was supposed to
be a pretty serious drawing.
Really?
That's hilarious.
Anyway, that aside...
That aside?
Did you need something from my senpai?
Nah, nah!
We were, like, "Dude, he's good!" Right?
Yeah, legit good.
I mean, yours is good, too, Hayacchi,
but Senpai's is, like, next level, right?
Yup, yup.
He's so pro, right?
We were just looking at it like, damn!
I know, right?
No, seriously.
It's awesome.
Seriously.
Anyway, we'd better get going.
Later.
Bye-bye!
Th-Thanks.
No worries.
You're such a wimpy wimp.
Wimpy wimp!
Though...
I have to do better.
D-Don't laugh at art that
s-someone worked hard on!
Nah, I mean, I think that's
a good look for you.
It's a good look.
Sure.
Fine.
Yup, yup.
Well it's getting pretty late.
Why don't we draw one more and call it a day?
Okay.
Zoo Map
What should we draw?
Let's see...
Your favorite animal, then.
Animal...
What do you like?
That one.
You like sloths, huh?
Nah, actually, anything's fine.
Uh-huh...
Come on, Senpai!
Don't just stand there! Start drawing!
Okay, okay!
Why is she drawing from so far away?
What are you doing, looking away?!
Keep your eye on it and draw!
R-Right.
Okay.
It looks pretty good.
I'm done.
What about you?
Done.
By the way, can you guess what I drew?
The sloth, right?
That's right, a sloth.
But a specific kind of
sloth that lives in Japan.
The five-fingered sloth!
It's so lazy and wimpy that
it's about to go extinct.
And it's got such a weak presence,
it's extremely rare to spot it.
There she goes again,
drawing me just to toy with me!
It's not good, but it's
drawn really carefully.
And...
It's...
Do you remember what I said was the
most important aspect of making art?
Love.
No, no, no!
What am I thinking?
Why are you gazing at it for so long?
You creep!
Are you violating my drawing with your eyes?
N-No!
Look at you,
violating my drawing of yourself.
You're such a pervert.
No!
Jeez, Senpai, you're such a creepy creep!
Points of improvement for today.
I think you're the one who
can stand to improve today.
What?! What did I do?
I think you had a misunderstanding.
Misunderstanding between what and what?
Well? Well, Senpai?
I-I'm sorry!